# YouTube Trendings

YouTube videos are watched by millions of people daily and the amount of statistical data generated by it is huge. Big Data course is help in analysing this kind of problem. We are team of four and we will work in a pair to solve the problems:

* Ankit Prakash and Mushafiq Fakki
* Vamshi Krishna Nuka and Venkata Sai Krishna Dasari

GitHub Links: https://github.com/AnkitPrakash687/YoutubeTrendings

## Introduction

This dataset is a daily record of the top trending YouTube videos of four countries(USA, Canada, Great Britain, India). We can use this dataset for: 
* Sentiment analysis in a variety of forms
* Statistical analysis over time.
* Analysing what factors affect how popular a YouTube video will be.

## Data Source

## Data Source Link

https://www.kaggle.com/datasnaek/youtube-new

## Big Data Challenge

Following are the four V's which make this a Big Data problem

* VOLUME: The size is about 24 MB and there are over 20,000 records, 16 columns.
* VARIETY: The dataset is Structured and is in the csv as well as json file.
* VELOCITY: The data is from May 2017 to June 2018 and it was generated daily.
* VERACITY: The Data is cleaned data.

## Big Data Questions

1. For each channel, I will find average number of likes - Vamshi Krishna Nuka.
2.
3.
4.

## Big Data Solutions
#### 1. Vamshi Krishna Nuka
* Mapper input: One line of data that mapper will read:            
     * n1WpP7iowLc	17.14.11	Eminem  -  Walk  On  Water  (Audio)  ft.  Beyoncé	EminemVEVO	10	2017-11-10T17:00:03.000Z	Eminem|"Walk"|"On"|"Water"|"Aftermath/Shady/Interscope"|"Rap"	17158579	787425	43420	125882	https://i.ytimg.com/vi/n1WpP7iowLc/default.jpg	FALSE	FALSE	FALSE	description          
* Mapper output/reducer input: example of an intermediate key, value pair output by your mapper:          
     * EminemVEVO 787425
     * iDubbbzTV 127794
     * Rudy Mancuso 146035
     * nigahiga 132239
     * Ed Sheeran 1634130
* Reducer output:
    *  Channel Name = Ed Sheeran Average likes = 1439873
* Language being used:
    * The language that I am using for map reducing is "Python".
* What kind of chart will you use to display your results? 
    * I will use pie chart to display my results.
      
